Assignment Description as provided by Professor:

Purpose

    To give you exposure to:
        - creating a program that: 
		- connects to a database
            	- writes, reads and updates the data in the database
        - writing the interface between a database and a user
        - creating a client/server program that runs on the internet, serves up a page that runs on the client side (the users browser) and also connects to      	  a back end database on the server side (your virtual machine)

Instructions:

Using the database you created for assignment 2, CSS, HTML, PHP and MySQL,, create a website  that allows someone to update the customers, products and purchase tables. 

    	List all the information about all the customers in alphabetical order by last name. When a user selects a customer, display all of his/her products 	that he/she has purchased.
 
    	List all the products in alphabetical order by description OR in order by price. Allow the user to decide if the order is ascending or descending 		for both the description and price. 

    	Insert a new purchase (prompt for necessary data) Note: Send an error message if they try to give an invalid customer id number or invalid product 		number (or make your GUI so that it doesnt allow them to pick those). If the user tries to let a customer purchase a product they already have 			purchased, instead just let them change the quantity that the customer will have purchased of that product.  Don't allow the quantity to go lower, 		just higher by the amount they want now. 

    	Insert a new customer (prompt for necessary data) Note: Send an error message if they try to insert an existing customer id number (or make your GUI 	so that it generated the new key for the user) 

	Update a customer's phone number, prompt for the customer id number, display the current phone number before prompting them for the new phone 			number. Note: Send an error message if the user doesn't enter an existing customer id (or use your GUI to only allow them to pick from a list of 		current customers)

    	Delete a customer (Prompt for the customer id to delete) Note: Send a warning message if they try to delete a non existing customer id number (or 		make your GUI so that they can only pick an existing customer from a list)

    	List all the customer names who bought more than a given quantity of any product. Prompt the user for the quantity. Display the description of the 		product and quantity purchased also.

    	List the description of any product that has never been purchased

    	List the total number of purchases for a particular product and the product description and the total money made in sales for that product (cost * 		quantity). Prompt the user for the product id (Note: display an error message if the the product does not exist - or create the GUI in a way that 		the user cant pick a product that doesnt exist) 

    	Bonus (worth 2%): add an extra field to the customer's table called cusimage (you can do this right in mysql, not using php code, make it char			(100)). Allow the user to click on one of the customers and if this field is null then let the user find an image online and add the url to the 		officials table AND display the image in your user interface. If the field is not null, display the image at the url.. 
